* Weak comparison

  Just take note of == vs ===, and how PHP type-casting works

* strcmp()

  Requires PHP < 7.4.33

  @code php
  <?php
  strcmp('asdf', 'asdf') == 0;
  strcmp(array(), 'asdf') == NULL == 0;
  ?>
  @end

  That's all :)

  If you want to pass an array in GET or POST application/x-www-form-urlencoded, you can do something like this:

  @code
  a[]=foobar
  @end

* extract()

  @code php
  <?php
  $a = 'hello';
  extract(array("a" => 'goodbye'));
  echo $a; // goodbye
  ?>
  @end

  `extract` will override the global namespace of the program. Handy for variable overwrite.

* preg_match

  Requires PHP < 5.6.40

  @code php
  <?php
  echo preg_replace('/a/e', 'system("ls")', 'abc');
  ?>
  @end

  In the 1st argument of preg_match, use the `e` flag. In the 2nd argument provide your code to be executed.

* password_verify

  A null byte in the hash of your password will cause the trailing bytes to be truncated.

* unserialize()

  In PHP's `unserialize()`, oftentimes a object is expected server-side after deserialization. This can possibly allow
  RCE or various authentication bypasses. There are a few limitations/things to take note of:

** You can only override properties, not functions. 

   Unfortunately, PHP does not serialize methods, only variables (static properties like strings, integers, booleans).
   In addition, the trick with `"system"('ls')` doesn't work. This is probably due to the internal workings of PHP -
   unlike Python where everything is a class, functions and constants are fundamentally different in PHP.

** The object you serialize must have a matching name on the server.

   What does this mean? In essence, the object you serialize doesn't have to be exactly the same - but it must be
   defined server-side already with the same name.

** If custom magic functions are overwritten in the object, it's your chance to get RCE!

   Magic functions can be called implicitly by the server. Depending on how the function is overwritten, it's possible
   to achieve your goal through the magic function.

   Below is a list of magic functions and how they're invoked:

*** __toString()

    Invoked when the object has to be converted to a string, like `echo $obj`.

*** __wakeup()

    Invoked when the object is deserialized.

    ---

** POP chains

   Property-Oriented Programming is another way to exploit `unserialize()`. In essence, you jump from object to object,
   exploiting their magic functions to get RCE. This includes nesting objects in each other.
