* Key concepts

  GLIBC >= 2.26

  The tcache bin is a LIFO structure, so chunks first freed are first used. It stores up to 7 free chunks of matching
  size, from 0x20 to 0x90, in a singly-linked list. Each freed chunk looks like this:

  @code
  ┌───────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
  │ 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 | 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 21 │
  │---------------------------------------------------│
  │ fd points to next free  | 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 │
  └───────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
  @end

  Once the tcache bin is full, the freed chunks will start to go to unsorted bin.

  On glibc >= 2.34, fd is encrypted using xor. The encryptor and decryptor functions are written in Python below:

  @code python
  def encrypt(pos, ptr):
    return (pos >> 12) ^ ptr

  def decrypt(val):
    mask = 0xfff << 52
    while mask:
        v = val & mask
        val ^= (v >> 12)
        mask >>= 12
    return val
  @end

  Note that encryption requires the chunk's address. We can find this by first leaking the encrypted fd pointer of the
  chunk freed later than the victim chunk and decrypt it, giving us the victim chunk's address. Then we encrypt the
  target pointer with the victim chunk's address, bypassing the encryption check.

* Tcache poisoning

  With a UAF, obtaining a write primitive becomes easy. Writing to a freed chunk will overwrite its fd pointer. This
  pointer will return our arbitrary pointer from malloc after we malloc() three times (once for the 3rd chunk and once
  for the 2nd chunk, the last is our target). During the third malloc(), insert our arbitrary write into the payload.

  Malloc and free 3 chunks, and use the 3rd chunk to read the address of the 2nd (if not encrypted, reading is not
  required). Edit the victim 2nd chunk to contain the encrypted target address, and malloc 3 times.
